Updates to MFEM nonlinear solve (#32596)
idaholab/moose: framework/doc/content/syntax/Solvers/index.md

- a linear solver together with a preconditioner
- a nonlinear solver that drives the global solve and a separate linear
  solver used for Jacobian solves

## Structure

Each child block under `Solvers` names one solver object:

```text
[Solvers]
  [linear]
    type = MFEMHypreGMRES
    preconditioner = amg
    l_tol = 1e-12
  []
  [nonlinear]
    type = MFEMNewtonNonlinearSolver
    rel_tol = 1e-8
    abs_tol = 1e-10
  []
[]
```

The child block name is the object name. The `type` selects the solver
class and therefore the valid parameters for that block.

## MFEM Usage

For MFEM problems, solver objects are created through
`AddMFEMSolverAction` and stored directly on the `MFEMProblem`. Linear
and nonlinear solver objects share the same top-level syntax, but they
play different roles at solve time:

- linear solver objects wrap `mfem::Solver` implementations used for
  assembled linear systems
- nonlinear solver objects wrap nonlinear MFEM solve strategies, such
  as `mfem::NewtonSolver` or `mfem::PetscNonlinearSolver`

Some nonlinear solvers also depend on a separate linear solver. For
example, Newton requires a Jacobian solve. Others, such as the current

> PETSc nonlinear wrapper, manage their own internal linear solver stack.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
example, `mfem::NewtonSolver` requires the user to provide a Jacobian solver.
Others, such as the current `mfem::PetscNonlinearSolver` implementation, manage
their own internal linear solver stack.
```
